{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20580\viewh9160\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Hello all,\
\
I'm again tackling the process of moving woophy servers over to the US. I've got a list of questions that will help me along in this process, thanks!:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 \'a01) How are we monitoring Woophy today? Via google analytics and/or other tools? If so, we'll need the URLs and logins for any of these.\
\'a02) Admin screens. Admin login, processes, etc. Are their custom-built admin screens in the app? If so, what are their urls, logins, etc.\
\'a03) List of cron jobs and other things that comprise the architecture.\
\'a04) Any special extra OS configurations or add-ons. Is it an out-of-the-box distro of some form of linux?\
\'a05) Access to both the "web" application server and the "database" server. We still can't SSH into the app server. And never had any access info into the database server.\
\'a06) Database "root" access. What is the mysql "root" user and pass?\
\'a07) Any source control/versioning? If so, we'd need access to these.\
\'a08) Any architecture documentation.\
\'a09) Any special setup for the 
\f2\fs22 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
AMFPHP software?
\f1\fs28 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0
\f1\fs28 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 10) Any PHP accelerators used?\'a0\
\'a011) Special configuration for sendmail? Did it use external mail sending service?\
\'a012) Which version of linux was/is it running?\
\'a013) What were the specs of the app server?: disk space, memory, processors, linux version, php version, etc?\
\'a014) What were the specs of the database server?: disk space, memory, processors, linux version, php version, etc?\
\'a015) Any special MySQL configurations?\
\'a016) Any database replication, redundancy, etc?}